good hello to all youtube friends i am
to wish the 98 and today I bring you a
small review of an application called
run manager prof
what this application is
application consists of good
operation of android mobiles
well at the top we have the
clear title can not miss that and below
where it says active and I have the
option for more memory but there are
several options as more balanced
Free memory and multitasking game
intensive intensive multiple by default
and customized the balanced for the
daily user of the sandro mobiles more
Free memory is for the ram
do not fill up more multitasking you can
say that he manages to run chiapas apps
both
the intensive game is to play
those games that need their
android mobile the ram and the silala do not
fill them
multitalent is as its name says it is
to run many apps at once
the default I imagine is the one
bring the custom application
is for those used that you like
Apply this customize the
operation of this application
well the option of extra we have to apply
in the boot locks the launcher
free memory clean drugs in
web size vga web files
death information I recommend them
select the option to apply first
at the start so that all
everything you have selected is in
fast working
the blanchett block to prevent
unexpected beginnings and release memories
to free the memory the ram
clean them cachet drap or release clean
rather the cache of the pages the
web size
is for the maximum size of what can
occupy an application in ram good as
to observe I have a maximum you
you can calculate it true
a certain size could be said and good
that is already a matter of one
once they select the size they
ask for a reboot but confirm and ready
your android mobile are working
the web files you could say that
increases ram memory but actually
do not increase it eye people I'm
saying it does not really increase it is a
file that remain on the sd card
what is this file for?
games rather for those games that
need too much memory this is the
same game grab this swap file or
this file and just grab it
that he lacks of ram good memory
this would be all I say goodbye
we are 98 like to subscribe and we
we see until a next video bay